[Music]
welcome to the Braden will we break down
all the controversial movies today we
were visit of film I did a while ago
called kids one of Larry Clark's films
that has been called a wake-up call to
the world the film details the
delinquent Adventures of telly and his
friend Casper played by the late Justin
Pierce
I've seen Justin Pierce firstly from the
film next Friday where he played a
pothead but sadly Justin left his world
by his own hand back in 2000 telly and
Casper are both like sex freaks but
seemingly have a fetish for girls who
haven't had sex before so I should say
that the purpose of this video and the
series is to recap controversial and
extreme film so if you see it before and
is expecting the conceptual or
insightful video then you are in the
wrong place so we now can see what
happens on the grain on kids which has a
screenplay written by Harmony Korine the
creator of gumbo and many other weird
films if you want to see what happens
including all the messed up parts stay
tuned we'll put a breakdown
[Music]
kid starts off with our main character
telly swapping tongue with this unnamed
girl
it's unsure how Hotel he is but maybe a
teen or a little younger but the girl is
for sure 12 or 13 right chill with this
ugly ass kissing but you know how kids
are
till he tells her he wants to have sex
but she's like she don't want to have a
baby
to get her panties off he uses his tired
as game also promising it won't hurt
this promise persuades the girl to have
sex and it's during the sex that telly
reveals that virgins are the most
pleasurable and safest sexual encounter
for him also even though he promised he
didn't hurt her cries fall on deaf ears
after the sex telly leaves swiftly
obviously the sex is all he cared about
outside waiting is his homeboy Casper
who it's like a twisted version of my
homeboys smoke shout out to him I know
he watching but Casper gets the fresh
scoop on this sexual encounter telly had
the conversation between the two has a
tragic comic tone will tell y'all like
Casper's burbage gonna be pretty funny
sometimes
but the way he until he brag about
virgins even smelling the lingering
coochie that Telly's finger still has
got me looking at both these cats weird
most of this careless conversation pains
telly is a dirty bastard for wanting to
have sex with pubescent virgin girls and
having complex fantasies about it to
deflowering the girl gives telly and
Casper a sense of strength knowing that
they are the only ones that did take
that virginity the next plan is to
shoplift from an Asian store owner well
Teli distracting him saying you happen
to have to stick what is this thing
said this dick [ __ ] these kids
are on Nathan Drake thievery the two
didn't head to a friend's apartment
looking for drugs food and fun times
outside though Caspar gives this little
girl one of the peaches he stole they
hop in their homeboys crib who were all
watching skateboard videos and doing
whippings on the phone don't tell he
gets the message from a girl named Ginny
another girl he has sex with and ditched
she is played by a famous controversial
film actress named Chloe Sevigny
she also played his dot in the film
gumbo that we have a video on his will
Ginny is a bit angry at him for ditching
her but virginity and all that is just
something so precious for this group of
girls they all want to get they [ __ ] on
both boys and girls talk about their
sexual encounters sometimes the boys
might say something that the girls will
contradict later
for example the boys might say man y'all
know girls love giving it but the girls
might say I hate giving here stuff like
that
looks like sex and partying or all that
these kids really know the conversation
then shifts to AIDS and sexual diseases
and Ruby here play by you know who that
is
describes how a week ago she and Jenny
got tested let's flashback to last week
Jenny had unprotected sex with just one
person who we know was telly Ruby had
sex with like nine people she even did
some anal more than half of those times
seven days later we'll reveal the
results of the test and that day is
today meanwhile telly and Kasper tell
more vulgar stories as they go to the
subway they skeptical away for the Train
finding a blind musician very
interesting meanwhile again Jenny and
Ruby are waiting for the results of
their tests Ruby is called in first and
Jenny is called in next Ruby despite all
her sexual Inspira PSA's is lucky and
tested negative for any ST
jinnie however tested positive for HIV
even though she's only had sex with one
person
in other words telly gave her HIV that
would surely affect our well-being and
cause other burdens I understand that
now it's probably a lot better to live
with HIV but during that time was it a
lot scarier or maybe even a death
sentence
anyway I'm not sure about the
transmission rate of HIV but I'm sure
this could mean that the young girl from
the beginning possibly has HIV too while
Ginny takes in the bad news Tilly and
Casper on the train where Tilly mentions
that he wants to have sex with another
13-year old girl named Darcy verse they
plan on going home into the park but
their conversation gets stopped watching
a man with no legs singing while the
nympho duo ride to the next stop
jenny is desperately trying to cope with
the bad car she was dealt she finds a
goal in locating Tilly
to tell him the bad news and also
prevent him from spreading it telly and
Casper later go to Telly's place telling
his mom that they was trying to find
jobs Tilly asked for money while Casper
just stares at her breastfeeding but
since she said no to the money they
steal it from her purse along with
playing around with her other belongings
they then go to Tilly's room talking
more about Darcy and if she might be at
the NASA club now the plan is to go to
the park to get drugs and look for Darcy
a tribe called quest's song oh my god
plays while they trade for drugs in the
park eventually hanging out with a crew
that rolls deep the most important
figure in this group though is Harold
he's gonna be along for some more crazy
things that will happen tonight
telly dips to ask where Darcy is but one
thing that sucks is that Casper and his
whole crew verbally bullies this gay
couple doing none but walking Casper
then start skating but
accidentally runs it's a Dave Chappelle
it turns almost to a fight between them
but Harold hits them from behind and
everybody jumps the man getting jumped
and beat so disrespectfully it's so
[ __ ] like honestly I don't know how
people can feel so tough after jumping
somebody if it was a fair fight
I'm sure the Kasper would have been on
the ground snoozing though meanwhile
Ginny is riding in a taxi but the driver
notices her upset face
according to her everything is wrong in
[ __ ] right now but the man is like not
everything the Sun still shining you
woke up this morning not everything
messed up he says if you want to be
happy don't think or don't complicate
things I'm glad they included this man
into a movie NYX tell me closeout for
Darcy outside her house and here she is
obviously smitten by this mole-rat head
ass dude the plan is to go swimming real
quick before they have a party with some
associates they do wonder if they killed
that man earlier when they jumped him
it definitely was a tough assault Darcy
and them didn't sneak us out of
someplace to swim still completely
mobile as Jenny looks for them tele
spits his tired ass game learning
Darcy's mom is pretty over protective
over her the fact that she is here
though shows that his [ __ ] things
get a bit crazy in the pool but overall
the two agree to go to some party
tonight
while the party is setting up Jenny is
in the NASA Club assuming telly is there
she walks around looking for him but she
gets intercepted by this crazy kid named
fidget fidget is played by Harmony
Korine he shows her amazing sexual
exploitation but then gives her some
pills that makes Special K look weak we
see later is a depressant as
Jenica shrugged up here's that party
that Tilly was talking about I've been
mentioning before but Casper becomes
more dislikable as the film went on
especially when he acted like this he
was kind of funny at first but as other
people in the film questioned his
attitude so did I sex is also held in
high regard with these young people but
it was like that when I was in Middle
School in high school too lying about
sex seems to make some people like this
kid here fit in
telly ain't in a party yet though but
the search is pretty much halted because
jenny is under the effects of that pill
soon though a girl tells her that Tilly
is at a party we just saw and so she
slowly makes her way to the party til he
gets closer to his goal outside the
party while everybody is doing sexual
things these three kids are getting lit
it's hard for me to not see my little
brother in his group he would get
slapped ironically though it's an older
brother of one of these kids that has
enabled this scene on the rides of the
party
Ginny workpiece to herself that she
won't die do you think she means because
HIV was terrible at that time or that
the drug has her feeling more sicker
than anything probably both
at the party everybody is passed out but
telly brings in Darcy to have sex with
her she comes into the party room as the
other to get kissing she says she's kind
of scared like the girl in the beginning
sadly though they get to sex and Jenny
see that she was too late unless things
happen she then goes to the couch crying
herself to sleep
Casper wakes up from her party grace
walking around the Rowan hotel and
drinking any leftover beer he sees
Tilley and Darcy asleep but then goes to
the couch sitting next to Jenny he sees
a lot of people got busy tonight except
for him he tests to see if Jeannie's
awake but she is pretty much I'm
responsible
sadly he takes advantage of her
drug-fueled slumber by sodomizing her
without her consent but also exposing
himself to HIV as well next random
frames assists telly
as he speaks in a voiceover he explains
how [ __ ] is what he loves and take
that away and he's got nothing the movie
ends as Casper wakes up after that party
giving an unscripted and improvised line
as a result of that crazy party so the
reason why this film is on this channel
is because it was controversial
especially since we have kids doing
drugs and in doing other sexual stuff
but I like this movie because kids
really do be like this especially back
in the 90s the threat of getting an STD
is scary enough to just use your hands
to pleasure yourself but so many dudes
out here find masculinity and confidence
and habitually having sex
well that was kids but we are done yet
now let's talk about the most disturbing
moment animals enjoy a moment and that
spooky stuff cue to go home
[Music]
have you ever heard that song guilty
conscience by Eminem it's like a song
where dr. dre plays the good conscience
while Eminem plays the bad conscience
and they mention this movie when a
situation similar to what Kasper did at
the end comes up so let's get right into
it the most disturbing is probably
somewhere in between Ginny's assault and
realizing that the girl from the
beginning could have HIV now it sucks to
see young people have their lives sort
of damaged from doing things that at the
end of the day don't really matter the
most enjoyable it was probably a mix of
caspere's character and that taxi guy
who told Jenny to keep a smile on her
face so I hope you guys liked this recap
of kids but I still think this is one of
those movies you should watch for
yourself one day here on the left is
harmony careens found gum oh another
film showing nihilistic individuals
living in Xenia Ohio on the right is
another Larry Clarke film titled kin
park another family boss sexually
excited teens who all have bad home
lives thanks for watching
spooky out